Disney's Hollywood Studios in Orlando | Guide & Tickets Info
-->
-->
Your browser is not supported for this experience.
We recommend using Chrome, Firefox, Edge, or Safari.
Skip navigation
Skip to main content
Things To Do
Back to Main Menu
Things To Do Overview
Things To Do
Win a Trip
Plan
Back to Main Menu
Plan Overview
Plan
Interactive Map
Events
Places To Stay
Offers
Tickets
Menu
Close
Search
Search for Orlando activities and accommodations
Things To Do
Back to Main Menu
Things To Do Overview
Things To Do
Win a Trip
Plan
Back to Main Menu
Plan Overview
Plan
Interactive Map
Events
Places To Stay
Offers
Meetings
Media
Trade
Members
About
Blog
Trip Planner
Tickets
DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS®
Become the star of your own adventure at DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS®, where stories unfold all around you at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort.
Buy Tickets
﻿
Explore DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS®
Enter Virtual Tour
Top 5 Attractions
1
Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance
Steady your nerves and summon your resolve as you find yourself in a climactic Star Wars™ battle.
2
Millennium Falcon: Smugglers Run
Gather your crew and take control of the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy on this amazing attraction.
3
Mickey & Minnie’s Runaway Railway
The wackiest, silliest train trip ever is ready to take you through Mickey & Minnie’s cartoon world.
4
Slinky Dog Dash
Twist around curves, hills and drops as Slinky Dog’s coils get stretched to the limit.
5
The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror™
Join unruly ghosts for a terrifying ride into the fifth dimension — if you dare.
Park Offerings
Each and every story is absolutely unforgettable at DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS® — because this time, you’re not merely watching all the action, but actually living it.
Filter By
Location
Location
Category
Category
Save on Fun
Get authorized discount tickets for theme parks, attractions and experiences from Visit Orlando powered by BestofOrlando.com.
Buy Tickets
Experiences at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort
1
of
" } }'
data-arrow="right"
>
DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS® Tips
Whether it is your first visit or you want to refine your approach, here are tips for having the adventure of a lifetime at DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS®.
Buy Tickets in Advance
Save time and money before you arrive by purchasing authorized discount tickets to top theme parks and attractions from Visit Orlando powered by BestofOrlando.com .
Spend Less Time in Line
Create your best Disney day with the complimentary My Disney Experience app. Upgrade to Lightning Lane Single Pass or Lightning Lane Multi Pass for more than 40 attractions across the four Walt Disney World theme parks.
Pack Lightly
Keep things simple and portable, especially when traveling with kids. The last thing you want to do is juggle personal items around and feel weighed down. Streamline your necessities for a smoother day.
Stay Hydrated
Bring water, buy water or ask for free water and ice in a cup at any of the quick-service restaurants and eateries for your family. With all the excitement, someone might forget to stay adequately hydrated.
Check Height Restrictions
It is best to steer your kids away from experiences where you know they will not meet the height requirements, even if it is just half an inch. Safety comes first, and Cast Members will not budge on height requirements.
Prepare for Rain
This is Florida. Chances are it might rain. You cannot use umbrellas on rides, so be sure to pack ponchos for your whole crew. Buying ahead of time at a local big box store will save you money.
Schedule Some Breaks
It is smart to make time for breaks to avoid exhaustion or meltdowns. Everyone will feel refreshed by heading back to the hotel for an afternoon nap or cool dip in the pool.
Rider Swap or Switch
Let a Cast Member know about your need to ride switch to accommodate small children or guests with special needs. One guest will wait at a designated area with the non-rider while a second guest rides. The riders then switch.
Related Parks & More
You will never run out of unforgettable, memory-making adventures at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort.
Magic Kingdom® Park
EPCOT®
Disney's Animal Kingdom® Theme Park
Disney Springs®
Disney’s Blizzard Beach Water Park
Disney’s Typhoon Lagoon Water Park
DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS® FAQs
What is there to do at DISNEY&rsquo;S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS&reg;?
Let your adventure begin at DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS® at WALT DISNEY WORLD® Resort in Orlando. Here, favorite stories unfold as you and your family join the action in exhilarating new episodes that engage all your senses.
At Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge , you will experience the smells and tastes of a cantina set in a galaxy far, far away. You can also feel the rush of controlling the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy on Millennium Falcon: Smugglers Run, or take the battle to the First Order in Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance.
Other new additions invite you to away on a zany adventure through a cartoon universe crammed with surprises courtesy of Mickey & Minnie’s Runaway Railway . You can even become the size of a toy with Buzz and Woody and take a ride on Slinky Dog Dash as he careens through Andy’s backyard in Toy Story Land .
Also at DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS, join Elsa and Anna on a musical adventure through snowy Arendelle in For the First Time in Forever: A Frozen Sing-Along Celebration. And enter a decidedly different dimension at The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror™.
Every story is absolutely unforgettable, because this time you are right in the middle of all the action — along with fan-favorite shows like The Little Mermaid — A Musical Adventure and Disney Villains: Unfairly Ever After, special events like Disney After Hours and Disney Jollywood Nights, plus shopping and dining at DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS.
What ticket options are available for DISNEY&rsquo;S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS&reg;?
Add value to your DISNEY’S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS visit with special savings on WALT DISNEY WORLD Resort tickets from Visit Orlando powered by BestofOrlando.com . Plan for your best vacation while saving time and money.
You can also customize your Disney experience with a ticket plan that works best for you, including single- and multi-day packages with or without Park Hopper benefits.
Does DISNEY&rsquo;S HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS&reg; require advance reservations?
Theme park reservations are not required for date-based tickets. For other admission types, theme park reservations may be required. These include student group tickets, sport and convention tickets, Florida Resident Disney Thrills tickets, Disney Military Salute Tickets, and Annual Passes. Check with WALT DISNEY WORLD ahead of your visit for complete details.
How does Lightning Lane work?
Through the My Disney Experience app, you can purchase Lightning Lane Multi Pass Entrance for more than 40 attractions across the four WALT DISNEY WORLD theme parks, as well as Lightning Lane Single Pass Entrance for highly demanded attractions. Lightning Lane Premium Pass includes all Lightning Lane attractions at a given park. When you purchase a multi pass, you can plan ahead and choose up to three multi pass experiences and arrival windows, and the option to make an additional selection after your first multi pass experience, plus photo perks. As a reminder, attractions continue to offer a traditional standby queue.
Sponsored
Sponsored
© 2026 Visit Orlando
Blog
Contact Us
Meetings
Membership
Trade
Media
About Us
Careers
Accessibility
Sitemap
Copyright & Trademarks
Privacy Policy & Terms of Access
Cookie Settings
Orlando's Only Official Website
Receive the latest Orlando news and special offers.
Sign Up