Winners Revealed at eVTOL Insights’ Global AAM Awards 2026 Following Its North America Conference at NAAMCE - eVTOL Insights
Skip to content
Tuesday, August 11, 2026
Latest:
Aeroberm to Test Vertiport Design for Lower Air Taxi Noise
BETA Plans to Expand Manufacturing With Proposed $1 Billion EXIM Financing
Ampaire Launches Hybrid-Electric Regional Flight Operations in Utah
Joby Aviation Raises Revenue Outlook as Certification and Manufacturing Momentum Build
Everdrone Drone Used in Emergency Cardiac Arrest Response in Sweden
Loading stock data...
Subscribe
News
FIA 2026
Digital Magazine
Podcasts
Videos
Reports
Knowledge Partners
Conferences
Awards
More
About Us
Media Pack 2025
Middle East
Women in AAM
Awards Featured News
Winners Revealed at eVTOL Insights’ Global AAM Awards 2026 Following Its North America Conference at NAAMCE
1 May 2026
Jason Pritchard
eVTOL Insights is proud to announce the win­ners of its 2026 Glob­al AAM Awards, rec­og­niz­ing the indi­vid­u­als, teams and com­pa­nies which have demon­strat­ed out­stand­ing achieve­ment, inno­va­tion, and lead­er­ship in the glob­al Advanced Air Mobil­i­ty mar­ket.
The awards cel­e­brate progress across the indus­try, from tech­no­log­i­cal advance­ments and infra­struc­ture devel­op­ment to ecosys­tem col­lab­o­ra­tion and mar­ket lead­er­ship. This year’s win­ners rep­re­sent the cut­ting edge of sus­tain­able avi­a­tion and urban air mobil­i­ty solu­tions.
Each win­ner was select­ed by a judg­ing pan­el of indus­try experts, based on cri­te­ria includ­ing tech­no­log­i­cal inno­va­tion, scal­a­bil­i­ty, envi­ron­men­tal impact, and con­tri­bu­tion to the advance­ment of the AAM ecosys­tem.
The awards were pre­sent­ed after eVTOL Insights’ North Amer­i­ca Con­fer­ence, which took place yes­ter­day (Thurs­day) at the Nation­al Advanced Air Mobil­i­ty Cen­ter of Excel­lence (NAAMCE).
The event also rep­re­sent­ed the first time an eVTOL air­craft has flown at an eVTOL Insights’ event, with Tim Lum pilot­ing his Piv­otal Black­fly eVTOL air­craft around out­side the hangar and giv­ing del­e­gates a rare oppor­tu­ni­ty to see elec­tric flight in action.
2026 Global AAM Award Winners
Team Categories
Best Place to Work
Win­ner: Hori­zon Air­craft
Best Aware­ness Rais­ers
High­ly Com­mend­ed: Hon­ey­well & UAM Geo­mat­ics Inc.
Win­ner: Sky­Drive
Small Mar­ket­ing Team of the Year
Win­ner: Archer
Large Engi­neer­ing Team of the Year
Win­ner: Wisk
Small Design Team of the Year
Win­ner: Olsen Actu­a­tors & Dri­ves
Small Engi­neer­ing Team of the Year
High­ly Com­mend­ed: Hori­zon Air­craft
Win­ner: Piv­otal
Autonomous Flight Inno­va­tion Award
Win­ner: Wisk
Infra­struc­ture Inno­va­tion of the Year Award
Win­ner: Sun­Trax — Flori­da DOT
Train­ing and Work­force Devel­op­ment Award
Win­ner: Joby Avi­a­tion
Individual Categories
Leader of the Year
High­ly Com­mend­ed: Adam Gold­stein — Archer
Win­ner: Dan Sloat — AAM Insti­tute
Tech­nol­o­gy Leader of the Year
Win­ner: Tom Muniz — Archer
Test Pilot of the Year
Win­ner: James ‘Bud­dy’ Den­ham
Out­stand­ing Con­tri­bu­tion
Win­ner: Huazhi Hu — EHang
Company Categories
AAM Soft­ware Inno­va­tion of the Year
Win­ner: XSTAR — Alci­fo
Cer­ti­fi­ca­tion Pio­neer
Win­ner: Hon­ey­well
Glob­al Ecosys­tem Part­ner of the Year
Win­ner: NAAMCE
Com­pa­ny of the Year (50 — 100 Employ­ees)
Win­ner: AIR EV
Com­pa­ny of the Year (100+ Employ­ees)
Win­ner: Viasat
Medaille D’Or
Win­ner: Hon­ey­well
WOMEN IN AAM PODCAST: Beyond Air Taxis: The Real Future of Advanced Air Mobility
WATCH: AltoVolo to produce full-scale HyperTOL demonstrator after successful testing of Sigma prototype
Jason Pritchard
Jason Pritchard is the Editor of eVTOL Insights. He holds a BA from Leicester's De Montfort University and has worked in Journalism and Public Relations for more than a decade. Outside of work, Jason enjoys playing and watching football and golf. He also has a keen interest in Ancient Egypt.
eVTOL Insights
eVTOL Insights is a leading source of news, information and analysis into the global electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft and urban air mobility markets.
Get Updates on Email
Connect with Us
Follow eVTOL Insights for the latest news, insider access to events and more.
Cookie Policy
Complaints
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
&copy; 2026 eVTOL Insights . All rights reserved. Website by I See Media .
eVTOL Insights is part of the Industry Insights Group . Registered in the UK. Company No: 14395769